feat: more apis for dataset generation (#75)
stochasticai/xturing: README.md

- [x] Dataset generation using self-instruction
- [x] 2x more memory-efficient fine-tuning vs LoRA and unsupervised fine-tuning
- [x] INT8 low-precision fine-tuning support

> - [x] Cohere and AI21 APIs support for dataset generation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [x] Supports OpenAI, Cohere and AI21 Studio model APIs for dataset generation
```
